hey everybody welcome ignorant land
please binding mascara plus we probably
did not deserve to win the last run but
we did so screw you that's right I'm
Angie now i'm angie northernlion Hunger
Games no thanks I'm still full stole
that joke from Eric Andre I don't even
care
MDP lis 3q is we doing Samson greed mode
run today with what I would describe as
a pretty okay first room pickup magics
cab raise our luck stat I don't know if
luck affects things as much in greed
mode as it does in other modes mostly
because you don't tend to get consumable
drops from oh dude you don't tend to get
consumable drops when you finish waves
but maybe that's just because we've
never had a luck stat that's high in IV
ever considered that quad shot is like
actually bad sort of but I like it
that's that's my defense at least and
the other thing with Samson is like as
long as we can keep our HP relatively
high we got great incentives to like go
into these rooms sure it didn't really
work out for us there but that's okay
and we got five damage times four shots
right now actually pretty good obviously
the problem is that the rate of fire is
like kind of trash isn't it like your
tier rate is affected the same by triple
shot and quad shot but quad shot gives
you the extra tier so it's it's more
potent in that regard or my perhaps
mistaken I don't remember but I
certainly remember loving triple shot
and then people smarter than myself said
NL why do you love triple shot here's
like a statistical quantitative analysis
of why triple shot is worse than just
not having it most of the time and I
said you know what that makes a lot of
sense I consider myself a man of logic
I'll acquiesce
[Music]
but I believe the quad shot might still
have some a certain junus a qua but it's
not really as unis a quad it's more like
I'm trying to think of how to say I have
four shots in French mmm
just sweet quiche Lorraine I can say
that I'm french-canadian or at least you
know my DNA is french-canadian am i
french-canadian no probably not I
suppose I have to have this conversation
with people all the time not all the
time but you know at least a few times a
year not to say that this happens you
know to Canadians all that often but you
know people will be like so like it was
your family French and I'm like nah okay
what about like you know are your
grandparents friendship eggmad
great-grandparents not great-great
grandparents I don't know ever before in
like 1830 okay you're getting too far
back to be reasonable now I don't know
where my great-great grandparents are
from because I'm not an Austrian like
Baron or something like that you know I
don't have a knowledge of my family tree
going back to you know oh well he was
the governor of the fort Frontenac and
so I just I I don't know where the name
came from evidently at some point I had
a French ancestor he convinced a
Canadian or someone that's settled in
Canada at least to create children with
them and we've been we've been rocking
that Anglophone with the francophone
last name ever since okay
I'm not gonna change it what's the point
you change it yeah exactly
I don't know where I'm going with this
either way yeah all right so we don't
want to use this but it is a guppy item
one way or the other
yeah I'm like almost tempted to get more
HP here's what I think we no no no this
is stupid we should not buy a key I
think 7 cents for essentially a reroll
is okay 7 cents for a damaged upgrade is
ok 7 cents for a damaged upgrade is ok 7
cents to get closer to spun is okay and
now we're leaving and this worked out
very well except our speed stat is kind
of bad now but our damage has gone up as
a result of Jesus juice and synthol and
then we're one away from spun our rate
of fires gone up as well our speed is
pretty bad
I'll just like level with you on that
one speed is not in a good spot and why
pay seven cents for the HP upgrade
because the kick started that whole
thing to begin with that's why pretty
much what it comes down to I'm gonna go
in here mostly because I don't really
care about preserving our demon hearts
right now it's too early for them to
have any chance of making it to the end
of the game so first thing we're gonna
buy as a Kiki's 3 cents it's really good
for us but we'll probably wait until we
finish a couple of waves here
oh there's much reason to take extra
damage you know if we can't kill enemies
on the second floor with 5.8 6 damage we
got bigger problems so we're in a very
weird situation early on on this Samson
run but a good situation like our stats
are wonderful I would say I really
thought we could thread the needle there
you'd like to one makes you smaller
pills and then you know we're living in
there
we don't have deal with the devil
precedent which I think could be
interesting we can kind of get the best
of both worlds here we have a bead on
guppy we got a bead on spun and our
stats are good to begin with so there's
very little to complain about I'm
actually just gonna mainline this
because I mean we don't lose anything
for leaving but I feel like we just sort
of might as well knock out the whole
to-do list so I'm not distracted so
we'll just kill all the enemies he will
get another spirit heart here the spirit
hearts are a trick right now there's no
need to worry too much about trying to
preserve them in my opinion at least I'm
Way was kind of a trickier enemy here
I'm way more interested by the way our
range and shot speed are actually like
10 out of 10 right now I just stood
there and took that one it's actually
really really good because it allows me
to stand on the other side of this big
room
just knock enemies out all right book of
Belial on greed mode there's a lot to
like I'm not gonna take the bird because
I think it's better for me to have HP
now honestly I'm looking at this I don't
like any of these items enough we could
maybe buy a bomb in fact I think I
probably will dude contagion kinda
stinks because I think it only works on
the first wave that pops when we press
the button in fact it might not work on
any of them but I like it as an item
which is why I went dude and then I
evaluated it a little bit more and went
um which is kind of the same experience
as like reading the menu with TGI
Fridays dude so that ended up being like
extremely good but I think we'll stick
with book of Belial I actually think the
damage from book of Belial could be
better
plus it's weird I take Guppies head all
the time so let's mix it up every time I
go to TGI Fridays I could really go for
a Jose Cuervo tequila burger right now
and then I'd you know see the picture
and I got oh right NL Donuts old TGI
Fridays it's a national institution
nobody's saying that I'm strong Manning
you look okay so what do we got here car
battery I don't think does anything
unfortunately and we don't need another
speed upgrade so the first thing we're
gonna do is try to get value for money
here and it worked
uh you're looking for like a three cent
key if you can get one we can't and
that's okay so I'm gonna pay five cents
for a random item and it was really
really worth it that's a huge damage
increase
let's go peep this room I'll take the
pills I ain't ever scared health up
range down bombs okey absolutely worth
it range was already fine I don't mean
you could make a pretty good case for a
couple of these Cuba meets good I think
also x-ray vision is pretty good but I'm
probably just going to not take them
because I think we can afford to be a
little bit more selective as far as I'm
concerned we already have the win
we're not quite there yet and and more
importantly we could easily mess it up
like we could royally Jack this one up
yeah there's no value from a double
press so I think not taking car battery
was the right call unless there's some
kind of unique interaction like you know
it's twice as powerful despite the fact
that if you'd normally use it twice it
doesn't do anything extra for you always
possible but probably also unlikely
so we'll just finish this off easy way I
don't think we need I don't think we
need to go like out of our way to buy
things that aren't necessarily very
valuable sometimes you do sometimes you
need to take the Hail Marys and then
like the last greed mode run we had I
forget which character we were Lazarus
maybe things were tight that was and not
in like a you know the way HC Justin
says it you know he goes oh it's tight
no that's not the way I felt about that
last run I was like this is a tight fit
it was like the way you describe a
parking spot is tight ie bad
excuse me oh I'd really thought that was
gonna work um we were we were taking
Gamble's on that one this one I don't
think we need to go that far so the more
money we can save you know a penny saved
is a penny closer to not having to play
the base level of greed mode anymore we
can move on to greedy or eventually yeah
a really smart way to take damage there
watch out nice really illustrates how
strong cage is or how panky is that art
19.5 to damage took that long to kill
him I was gonna suggest that honestly it
would be not the worst thing to get
Krampus here but I do think the pact is
worth it
I don't think our speeds necessarily
high enough to make to make black powder
a good choice but oh we got spun we got
speed
we got perks we got addicted and we out
of here 47 cents now we might want to
talk about like picking up some HP or
something
well there's literally just HP right
there you know what I think we just head
down to the next floor ah I'll give you
a three cents I'll give you enough sense
to reroll let's be honest that was a
that was a gamble I'll take blood clot I
don't think we need anything else on top
of that I just wanted like you're I get
to John Nash II you know Russell Crowe a
beautiful mind I I find myself running
the numbers oh that's so good though I
find myself running the numbers of my
head I'm like well technically if we
just go down to the next floor that's
like basically a free reroll and it is
it is a free reroll you got a go for
that obviously
but that doesn't mean that it's not
worth using like potentially two cents
to get another reroll okay we probably
don't want to use suicide king is my
guess
chaos card is the perfect thing to save
for the greed fight no question full
health
next Lex I mean our damage is already
disgustingly good the virus could be
amazing actually
we shouldn't be in too scary of a spot
here I really just want to bomb but
let's let's buy a key they're only three
cents so that's pretty lucky for us and
we'll place that in here and this is
what I mean by I couldn't mess this one
up dead tooth is just okay I'm not gonna
go into the into the curse room because
it's quite scary right now but we also
have like a nearly unprecedented amount
of damage output especially like lump of
coal means that our minimum damage right
now is nineteen point two eight I have
no idea what our maximum damage is but
tell you one thing most enemies are not
surviving one hit of this plus our rate
of fire is incredible so we're not gonna
have this on every floor cuz not every
floor is gonna have a diamond judgment
but it's actually one of the strongest
quad shot runs I've ever seen
now what I would love to see are some
red hearts and I don't know where we get
those without having to purchase them we
might just have to bite the bullet but
the chaos card means if we go down to
the the greed fight the super green
fight whatever you want to call them
probably his name if we go down there
with one HP we should win as long as we
don't miss with the with the chaos shot
which is sadly not unprecedented but
probably unlikely please don't be
jumping right now honestly getting hit
once on that fight is no big deal
I prefer to stick with book of Belial
you already have a lump of coal which is
why I assume that we were pretty much
saddled there um
screw it health up perks shit
shouldn't it take any because if it was
bad trip we might uh we might have had
some problems but you know what I also
like to live dangerously not a very good
Austin Powers impression I think that's
worth it we want anything else here I
don't think so I think we want to save
our money suicide King is bad and maybe
mom's pearl but I'm kind of in that he
should buy another three cent key while
it's on sale I wish wouldn't get some
bombs but we do want to save some money
to donate so i think it's it's okay for
us to not break the bank even though
some of those items are good like early
with it before your donation machine is
maxed didn't raise our rate of fire at
the cap before your before your donation
machine is at the maximum it's probably
better to not always just operate under
the principle of I'm gonna buy whatever
item is good it's my opinion at least so
we might begin saving right now I mean I
think it's very strong too
start of floor at eleven point zero
seven damage especially because we also
have like wow it's like really really
good especially because we also have no
boss fight as long as we can actually
land our greed shot oh my lord it's one
of those things were like I was rewarded
for taking damage and I'm kind of mad
about it thanks to the virus thought we
could maybe beat you before you beat me
it looks like this one's gonna be
relatively easy and you know what kind
of needed that after a couple of 5050
runs that have come up I mean literally
the the last run that we did not in
greed mode but overall was 50/50 we
flipped the coin twice got lucky on both
of them and and managed to survive a
situation that we probably should not
have thanks to Guppies collars so I'm
extremely thankful for that of course
but also simultaneously cognizant of the
fact that it's probably not gonna happen
forever what what's going on here okay
what do we want on our deal with the
devil just give me copy we win
I mean we're probably gonna win anyway
but no sadly nothing of value there in
my opinion we could just continue to buy
some stuff like we could buy red hearts
but they're gonna be three cents no
matter what so I think we we don't lose
anything by waiting for the next floor
can we patch in some way that greed mode
makes it plausible to get bombs cuz I'm
feeling the burn right now we have a
demon judgement we know we have 3 HP
there's bombs okay
this will take us to two and a half take
us to two
still on to moms coin purse can't see
cuz Austin just signed into play battle
grants it's a health downgrade that's
pretty bad it's a range upgrade that's
fine
we made that like inverse trade earlier
it's like three and a half I think we
just buy it so we got it all okay
and then we sure I'm not worried
three cents doesn't matter what I mean
by that is you know if we donate ninety
six we're not gonna be like too bad we
couldn't donate ninety nine because it's
just irrelevant you know ever hear that
expression you pay for you take care of
the pennies the pounds take care of
themselves
you've been watching this channel for a
long time you know that's one of my
least favorite expressions the idea is
if you if you pay attention to the
details the big picture will sort itself
out but the the metaphor just doesn't
make any sense why would you take care
of the pennies when you could just take
care of the pounds which are a superset
of pennies if you're taking care of the
pounds you're taking care of the the
pennies by definition well that's just a
metaphor yeah but the metaphor doesn't
make sense so the lesson is lost well if
you don't buy a cup of coffee in
Starbucks once a week it'll be a
millionaire I don't think so it's good
to be frugal I want to want to get that
out there it's good to be frugal it's
good to be low maintenance to it to a
point at least
sometimes I get in these arguments I
worry about the community I've created
sometimes cuz they have like I go into
other chance that I'm tangentially
associated with and they have NLS s
style arguments and I'm like is this
what like would have become my sweetest
friends you know I people are like
what's the average price for a hotdog
and I go ah you know I think like two
dollars people go you're crazy
a buck twenty-five I would never pay
more than 129 for a hotdog and I go is
this what I've is this my legacy on
planet Earth is these kind of arguments
but so I think you know being frugal up
to a point makes sense but taking care
of the pennies and the pounds take care
of themselves as a it's nonsensical it
just doesn't make any sense either way
we're about to win this run dude hello
it's monstro it's gonna be a little bit
on the shorter side as far as episodes
go today it's kind of in that awkward
in-between period but I think that's
okay I might also miss and then that put
a damper on things I did not miss so
many I apologize for being a bit of a
shorter episode but I also didn't invent
greed mode so you know keep your sorries
in a sack hopefully we can donate a
bunch here we did unlock lusty blood
actually a great item we've had a bit of
a streak lately of unlocking items that
you know oh good we got mysterious paper
right who cares this is a little bit
more on the positive side it's a lot
more on the positive side lusty blood is
potentially like a game changing item
we're also getting real close to 999 in
green mode
I think a green mode you do want to get
the donation machine to explode but
we've had a really good track record of
donating a lot of money we haven't had
many green mode runs where was like 20
cents donated and of course to be honest
with you the big reason why we were able
to donate so much money is because we
got chaos card so we knew that there was
like no risk of us as long as we can
make it here we were gonna win is what I
mean to suggest but anyway look
two dollars is a reasonable reasonable
price for a hotdog that's all I'm trying
to say for now thanks for watching her
because I've enjoyed the episode if you
did click the like button
upset a great deal of course subscribe
if you wanna see more in the future but
for now thanks for watching and I will
see you next time